As many people, generally, as again we were divided at a different time, ourself, as one of the,
like, the Gitais, or the Yedamis, or all the Veda Yoginis.
But that Veda Yogini, again, you can, we can keep, whatever that meaning will be like, we can
continually maintain that presence, Gita, if it needs to occur.
But most of the time, what we are going to want to take more to our mind at this time, meditating
on the nature of the mind.
I have a similar sense. Burund would come by us.
And the way we are meditating on the nature of the mind, at that time, also we can, we should med
itate, or we should proceed.
Every, this universe of all, is also transcend, translucent state. All this universe of all is also
as rainbow light state.
Similar as our foundational meditation of ourself as Veda Yogini or Samhana Badri.
When we are like ourself as Samhana Badri, or the Veda Yogini, is translucent, rainbow body.
So as it is, this universe of all is translucent and rainbow state. That is what we should
visualize.
Again, it is the nature of this phenomenon, this thing, or this world.
Of course, we don't have to realize that in this moment, this Kaveri salt in the Kaveri conflict.
But reality level, it is translucent state.
It is like magic, it is like dreams, dream status.
So legalization, what we perceive as, what we realize as rainbow light state is just a way of
reconnecting back to the nature as it is.
And that is what it is. And we don't realize that.
And then more concentrate, or more handle it, meditating on the nature of the mind.
And nature of the mind already, I think we all know, and that is what is said then relaxed on this
one present state of mind.
And when you look back to your mind, at that moment, you reach to the nature status.
Nature, there is nothing to grab, nothing to hold, and nothing to really kind of let it see.
And that is nature status. And we don't anymore, for the more investigate and analyze and act for
ideas, relaxing that, and we continue in that status.
And that is, not as then, the present and the active state of mind, the active state of mind.